# Privacy Policy - Round Sync
---

## Privacy Policy

Felix Nüsse built the Round Sync app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Felix Nüsse and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Round Sync unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

## Log Data

I do not log data outside of your device. All Data is kept on your device, and not transmitted.

## Service Providers

Round Sync makes use of Rclone. Rclone is a program to manage files on cloud storage. Any data transmitted or downloaded by rclone is not transmitted to other third parties by this app. Rclone might store authentication credentials on the user’s device. This data is not shared with third parties. No data is shared with third parties.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-05-29

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at privacy@felixnuesse.de.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator

